CASSANDRA-17264 - Content Update, Link fixes (#90)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/quickstart.adoc

To learn more, we suggest the following next steps:

* Read through the xref:cassandra-basics.adoc[Cassandra Basics] to learn main concepts and how Cassandra works at a high level.

> * To understand Cassandra in more detail, head over to the xref:Cassandra::index.adoc[Docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To understand Cassandra in more detail, head over to the https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/latest/[Docs].
```

Reviewer 2: no self domain name please.
